Thaknur says 'im a perfectionist so i would tweak my stats/pracs/eq for hours

emote bitches 'no shit:P'

emote bitches 'for 2 weeks rl i checked the % of spells skills when MUME7 was opened'

Thaknur says 'mume has more fun in my head and on paper'

emote bitches 'i have good stated shaman'

emote bitches 'but shaman just SUCKS:('

say so i wanna do a battleshaman now

emote bitches 'i cant do shit in pk with solo shaman'

Thaknur says 'we should get a group of battleshamans made'

You nod solemnly.

Thaknur says 'level them to like 50 :)'
You cackle gleefully.

emote bitches 'we should do that!:)'

You giggle.

Thaknur says 'and have insane ob'

mote bitches 'yeah..why not:)'

Thaknur says 'know anybody that would do it with us?'

emote bitches 'what lev guy u have done?'

Thaknur says 'i have just this guy left'

emote bitches 'but u prolly arent playing at evening when i am:)'

emote bitches 'its 5pm here now'

Thaknur says 'every char i have i suicided'

emote bitches 'well some people would mostly new tho:)'

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Thaknur says 'well here it is 8:30 am'

say but i think they wouldnt mind that:)

say and id be still using diam i think:)

emote bitches 'but i think they wouldnt mind that:)'

emote bitches 'and id be still using diam i think:)'

Thaknur says 'my mornings are mostly free'
say i wouldnt mind leveling him and spamming around as a leader
gig
emote bitches 'i wouldnt mind leveling him and spamming around as a leader'

You giggle.

Thaknur says 'and my late late nights'

Saving Diamonium.

Thaknur says 'but my site is banned at the moment'

Thaknur giggles.
emote bitches 'but i need some 3 months reroll to get my stats right:(('

emote bitches 'that is stats to really battle shaman'
Thaknur says 'this guy was a thief'

Thaknur says 'but i rerolling to a warrior'
emote bitches 'because the battle shamans are still mostly warriors, with Thaknur says 'ill be 20 7 7 16 18 14 16 3rd age'
You nod solemnly.
say yeah the leader would have a lil leadership

emote bitches 'yeah the leader would have a lil leadership'

say and a huge pack..eg 3 atleast or 4
emote bitches 'and a huge pack..eg 3 atleast or 4'

say would roam the land unhindered:)
emote bitches 'would roam the land unhindered:)'

say spelling whacking...whatever:)
emote bitches 'spelling whacking...whatever:)'

say but! what weapon would battleshamans use?
emote bitches 'but! what weapon would battleshamans use?'

say concussion?
emote bitches 'concussion?'
Thaknur says 'hmm'
emote bitches 'i have soloed broghha area alot:P'
Thaknur says 'ahh'
You giggle.

Thaknur says 'i was told it took a fairly big group'
say well:P
emote bitches 'well:P'

say what it really takes is players like me or noomad:P
emote bitches 'what it really takes is players like me or noomad:P'

say noone eles has dared:P
emote bitches 'noone eles has dared:P'

emote bitches 'again .ee dareS:P'
Thaknur says 'i would try'
You nod solemnly.
emote bitches 'it takes good defence'
Thaknur says 'but i never had a char to do it ;)'
emote bitches 'BUT NOW! its almost impossible'
emote bitches 'because the mobs will light their lanterns'

Thaknur says '19 14 14 14 16 13 12 good battleshaman stats?'
emote bitches 'becayuse they FUCJED UP THEIR FUCKEN ddarkness spell'

You swear loudly for a long time.
Thaknur says 'or 18 15 15 14 15 13 11'

emote bitches 'Str18 Int14 Wis14 Dex14 Con17 Wil13 Per12'

emote bitches 'i think that way would be even beter'

emote bitches 'u dont need that 19 str'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'u need con for regen'

Thaknur says 'aye kind of a waste'
emote bitches 'str can be done by spell +2'

emote bitches 'the str is that u can have always at any age the STR of 18'

Thaknur says '18 15 15 13 16 13 11 may be nice'

emote bitches 'then ud be more like a shaman'

emote bitches 'i still suggest be more like a warrior with con and stuff'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'just keep int quite high ...if its 15 its very good'

Thaknur says 'well what spells do we plan on getting?'
emote bitches 'but dunno must rerolll and check out!'

emote bitches 'cant say insta whats good what not'

Thaknur says 'shield/armour/cure/bob/str?'
You nod solemnly.
emote bitches 'shield/armour/cure/bob/str/ and additional eg. shock or burn'

Thaknur says 'we going for fine chain?'
emote bitches 'some lil off. spell also'

emote bitches 'and one in grp must have atleast one the darkness'

Thaknur says 'id go for shock over burn'

Thaknur says 'burn is too wussy'
emote bitches 'fine chain would rock!'

emote bitches 'then we wouldnt have to worry about weight'

Thaknur says 'fine chain would save us some ob loss too'
emote bitches 'and also! fine chain and ringmail for other parts and iron shod'

emote bitches 'then we can be aggressive al the time'

emote bitches 'yeah shocking grasp'
emote bitches 'once even'

Thaknur says 'my warriors all use white coif/fine chain/thin gloves/thin boots'
say and i would mind, if everyone has one prac in pick/missile and 3 in dodge
l

emote bitches 'and i would mind, if everyone has one prac in pick/missile and 3 in dodge'

nod
You nod solemnly.

Thaknur says 'chance of hitting feet is fairly small anyway'

say hmm sure?

emote bitches 'hmm sure?'

Thaknur says '10%'
emote bitches 'yeah..well yeah black badded boots then'

emote bitches 'and some clan item'

say like erm...necklace of bone

emote bitches 'like erm...necklace of bone'


say bones from bulag or so

emote bitches 'bones from bulag or so'

emote bitches 'the battle-shamans from moria'

emote bitches 'or something'

You giggle.
emote bitches 'vs the dwarves'

You cackle gleefully.

emote bitches 'WED FUCKEN ROCK THEM:P'


Thaknur says 'head:15% body:25% arms:20% legs:20% hands:10% feet:10%'
You giggle.



Thaknur nods solemnly.

emote bitches 'hmm the thin has 10% on legs the boots i mean?'
Thaknur says 'battledwarves blow shit'
emote bitches 'and leader will only hit or the next follower'
emote bitches 'all others will not SPAM HIT'

Thaknur says '10% chance of hitting feet with each hit'
emote bitches 'but spamm ASSIST!'

Nazghol narrates 'vaina getting his group i guess'
emote bitches 'then by spamming assist they wont lose moves'


Thaknur says 'aye that instant hit after assist is nasty'

emote bitches 'and we have a huge benefit on bobbing and moves'
Thaknur nods solemnly.
Thaknur says 'and we can spam cures like crazy'
emote bitches 'then..every battle shaman would have an orkish bow, if wanted then the black horn'


Thaknur says 'plus well have decent abs/def'
emote bitches 'but i think still the +5ob is quite important when the target isnt blind'
emote bitches 'then! a laced quiver full of war arrows or pukes enchanteD:)'

emote bitches 'and afcourse every shaman has remove poison pracced:)'

emote bitches 'and 1 prac in envenom:)'


Thaknur says '18 15 13 13 18 13 11 2nd age'
emote bitches 'and always rdy some ingredients for venom or stuff:)'


Draaz narrates 'dt unblocked'



Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'sow when we encounter some huge grp'

emote bitches 'we all poison them'

emote bitches 'and then LET THE HUNT BEGIN'

You cackle gleefully.

Thaknur says 'im still deciding what weapon to use'
emote bitches 'well age can be between 2-4'

emote bitches 'that age is OK! :)'

Thaknur says 'i think smite might be nice'
emote bitches 'hmm yeah now we have to think about the weapon'
emote bitches 'i myself with diam would prefer still a good defence!'


Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'so id be going for slashing..if just thinking where i can find a good weapon'


Saving Diamonium.
emote bitches 'wightblade elfhewer or morgul'

Thaknur says 'wightblade rocks now'

Thaknur says '20ob 5pb'
emote bitches 'so id be carrying around engraved all the time'
emote bitches 'WOW'

You cackle gleefully.

Thaknur says 'not sure on damage'
emote bitches 'it SURE does then:)'

Thaknur says 'like 10'

narr how much dam does wightblade have?

emote bitches 'does it have any special also?'

Thaknur says 'i had one on this guy before i rerolled'

emote bitches 'because swords got lighter now also'

Thaknur says 'it isn't ineff vs spirit anymore i think'
emote bitches 'they wont give so big trouble with weight'

emote bitches 'and we mostly warriors with endurance also so:) it would be ok'

Thaknur says 'slash is still sort of weak'

emote bitches 'endurance we dont have to spam to max:)'




Thaknur says 'id rather go for crush'
emote bitches 'atleast 80% what i think if not more:)'

emote bitches 'hmm yeah all around with steel shafted:P?'


emote bitches 'or with spears!!'

cac
You cackle gleefully.

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Thaknur giggles.

Someone narrates 'prolly :P'
emote bitches 'orcs used to have spears:)'

cac
emote bitches 'remember'
Thaknur says 'think is with spears we suck if they not mounted'
Thaknur says 'if they mounted we KILL  them hard'

Thaknur says 'because whenever they hit one of us'

Thaknur says 'we block them'

emote bitches 'hmm..'


Thaknur says 'and get an instant hit'
emote bitches 'what u mean block them?'
Thaknur says 'that hit for 12 damage'

Thaknur says 'if they try and hit you'

Thaknur says 'you block them with your spear'


Thaknur says 'no damage done'

Thaknur says 'it rocks'
You cackle gleefully.

Thaknur says 'plus you instant hit them right back'

Thaknur says 'like 2 milliseconds after they try and hit you'
emote bitches 'casters! we shall win with BOWS'

emote bitches 'btw!'

emote bitches 'spamming SHOOT TARGET'

emote bitches 'doesnt take moves'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'but thing with bows is that u run out arrows'

emote bitches 'if we wont catchuop the target'
You giggle.
Thaknur says 'aye'

emote bitches 'but arrows arent so heavy'


Thaknur says 'need 2 quivers of war arrows'
emote bitches 'and noc aint so far:P'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'well 1 quiver'

Saving Diamonium.
emote bitches 'and 50 arrows then already
emote bitches 'and 50 arrows then already'

emote bitches 'hmm lemme think'


Thaknur says '25 per quiver'

Thaknur says '50 if ash'
emote bitches 'spears..spears have they got any defence at all?'

emote bitches 'and what skill u need to prac witht hem?'


Thaknur says 'elven hunting spear is 0pb'
emote bitches 'and what stats they need to be pracced best?'

Thaknur says 'stabbing'
Thaknur says 'stabbing'

Thaknur says 'dex per str'
emote bitches 'they need dex for sure'

emote bitches 'in that ordeR?'


Thaknur says 'my hobbit warrior with 14 newbie str wielded them fine'

Thaknur says 'but giant spear is 19str'

Thaknur says 'it is 15 -5 11 eff vs ride noenchant'

Thaknur says 'so 13 damage vs riders'
nod

say quite decent ob
You nod solemnly.
emote bitches 'quite decent ob'


Thaknur says 'plus stabbers VERY often hit 3 times per round bashed'

emote bitches 'AND most people DO ride:)'

emote bitches 'maybe except dwarves'



Thaknur says 'like every third time'
You nod solemnly.
You smile viciously.

emote bitches 'but im quite sure dwarves will go dismounted'

emote bitches 'or whilst fight they dismount'
emote bitches 'because of the benefit of axe'

emote bitches 'so..we have to think somegood strategy for them'

Thaknur says 'what benefit?'
emote bitches 'we can do that one guy...only will be the basher all the time'

emote bitches 'btw!'

emote bitches 'do u know all this that!:'
emote bitches 'bash target, shoot target, assist friend - never takes any moves'

emote bitches 'its very important and beneficial information!'


Thaknur grins evilly.

emote bitches 'if the bene. word is the correct'


Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'if u do bash spam'
emote bitches 'whilst fighting'

emote bitches 'IT WILL TAKE MOVES'

emote bitches 'but if u do bash target it doesnt..that way'

Thaknur says '3 people engaged as stabbers on a bashed person would hurt HARD'

emote bitches 'tho i think most warriors know that'


Thaknur says 'up to 9 hits in that bash time'


emote bitches 'but u never know..what other people may think of'

You smile viciously.
emote bitches ':P'

Thaknur says 'i think stab might be a good idea for us'
emote bitches 'well any 3 warriors engaged even as crusher would hurt bad!'


Thaknur says 'we wouldn't need so high str'

Thaknur says 'and put more into dex'
emote bitches 'but as u told..its eff. vs riding so it rocks:)'

emote bitches 'but then!'

emote bitches 'the hammers! are eff. vs metal'

emote bitches 'but we arent wearing metal but chain!'

Thaknur says 'but well be in fien chain'

Thaknur grins evilly.
emote bitches 'so that would make us even more invulnreable'

You smile viciously.

Thaknur says 'thats why ALL of my warriors use fine chain'
You nod solemnly.

say yeah...
Thaknur says 'plus we got the spear blocking and armour spell'

emote bitches 'the pure metal stuff afcourse will not only do alot of maluses but drop the arm% also'

emote bitches 'i have to log all this text..and we must talk more:)'

emote bitches 'this is fun:)'

emote bitches 'making clans is always fun:P that is the people who will think alike:)'

Thaknur says '16 14 14 17 17 13 11?'

emote bitches 'that doesnt mean they cant do what they want:)'

emote bitches 'but helping eeach other as the first ..will be nice:)'

emote bitches 'and i am never shy with sharing eq:)'


emote bitches 'hmm'


Thaknur says 'my hobbit warrior stabber was 16 10 10 17 19 15 15 3rd age'
emote bitches 'yeah those stats what u say are now the 0 age stats right?'


Thaknur says 'and had all max warrior stuff plus 80dodge 80sneak'

emote bitches 'tell me the site where u could check stats....'

emote bitches 'i mean roll stats..some vrak was the name'


Saving Diamonium.
emote bitches 'what was its address?'

Thaknur says 'might need higher per..'


emote bitches 'hmm those stats u told before'

emote bitches 'dont fit with stathunter'

say i check a lil more
emote bitches 'i check a lil more'
Thaknur says '16 14 14 17 16 13 13 gives 101 statsum 2nd age'

Thaknur grins evilly.

16, 14, 14, 16, 16, 10, 11, [100] (Mume 7) Orc
emote bitches '16, 14, 14, 16, 16, 10, 11, [100]
emote bitches '16, 14, 14, 16, 16, 10, 11, [100] (Mume 7) '

emote bitches 'fits'

Thaknur says 'what age?'
Thaknur says 'think you forgot to change the age setting ;)'

say what age u were thinking 2?
emote bitches 'what age u were thinking 2?'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
Zagruk tells you 'u there?'

Thaknur says '15 14 14 17 15 14 14 might not be bad'
emote bitches 'now lets think about the spells again'

emote bitches 'what need what mentals more'
emote bitches 'how much should we prac endurance?'

Thaknur says 'if we spamlevel high'
emote bitches 'what % even'

Thaknur says 'spells shouldn't be too big of a problem'
emote bitches 'if we say..that pure warrior can prac endurance to some 100% orc that is'

Thaknur says 'like 75?'
emote bitches 'how much will we prac'
emote bitches 'we wont prac all 54 pracs in it..if it were so many....'
Thaknur says 'getting crush would be so much easier than stab'
emote bitches 'armour/shield/shockgrasp/- need INT, cure/bob/str - need WIS'

Thaknur says 'getting per/dex is a pain'
emote bitches 'what aremost important'

emote bitches 'yeah ..som
emote bitches 'yeah ..some 75%'

emote bitches 'that should help already'

emote bitches 'no big hp and moves inc anyway after that'


Thaknur says ' tells you 'i go t 17 14 14 15 15 13 13 ''

emote bitches 'hmm yeah somewhat pain'

emote bitches 'one stats are like'

emote bitches 'ehhe'

say just the stats
emote bitches 'just the stats'

emote bitches 'i wanted to tell ye'

You giggle.

Saving Diamonium.
emote bitches 'almost that is'

emote bitches 'does he have a spearman also?'

say 16, 13, 14, 16, 17, 11, 10, [100] 

Thaknur says 'don't think so '
emote bitches '16, 13, 14, 16, 

Thaknur says 'he slashed'
emote bitches 'is one possibility'


Thaknur says 'but used like hewer'
emote bitches 'wait did wrong ones'

Thaknur says 'mocho thinks that we will suck'

Thaknur sighs loudly.
say 16, 13, 14, 15, 17, 11, 12, [101] 

emote bitches '16, 13, 14, 15, 17, 11, 12, [101] '

emote bitches 'ehhe :P'

emote bitches 'well its not always about rocking:P'

emote bitches 'sometimes ist just fun:P'

Zagruk narrates 'omwan heading west'

Thaknur says 'true'
emote bitches 'well we can change weapons:P'

Zagruk narrates 'is i
Zagruk narrates 'is it oregon?'
say i can tell u one thing for sure
emote bitches 'i can tell u one thing for sure'

say zorgoth is a 18str, 18con 2nd age warrior
say he has some 13int and 11 wis
emote bitches 'zorgoth is a 18str, 18con 2nd age warrior'
emote bitches 'he has some 13int and 11 wis'
say hes a crusher
emote bitches 'hes a crusher'

Zagruk narrates 'he near bushes'
emote bitches 'in shining'
say and tower

emote bitches 'and tower'
say his bob gives him some 80 moves
emote bitches 'and he has bob armour cure str'

emote bitches 'his bob gives him some 80 moves'

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Zagruk narrates 'near brush now'

Thaknur says 'we could make mostly warriors'

Thaknur says 'with just like bob/cure/str'
Thaknur says 'with just like bob/cure/str'
say and cure can get back from full mana if lucky some 600HPS
say so..he rocks
say hes more like warriors
say warrior even
say but because he has so many spells..hes also somewhat battleshaman

say hmm we must think about the weapons we gonna use more carefully

emote bitches 'and cure can get back from full mana if lucky some 600HPS'

emote bitches 'so..he rocks'

emote bitches 'hes more like warriors'

emote bitches 'warrior even'

emote bitches 'but because he has so many spells..hes also somewhat battleshaman'
haknur says '18 12 12 15 18 15 13 2nd age'
r

emote bitches 'hmm possible!'

Zagruk narrates 'oregon's pack dead'
emote bitches 'who avoids'

Zagruk narrates 'stand of stunded trees'

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Thaknur says 'and has reue'

Thaknur says 'you can lead, you got best link ;)'


Thaknur says 'he was my weird idea one night'


Thaknur says 'we make a sort of Roman phalanx think'

Thaknur says 'one superbuffer spear wielder'



Thaknur says 'followed by 2 crushers'

Thaknur says 'followed by 2 superob smiters'

Thaknur says 'the leader protectes the 2 smiters with max reue'
Thaknur says 'the crushers protect the maxob smiters with max reue'

say ehhe:)
say that would rock yeah:P

with a better ability to take hits'
Thaknur says 'the smiters would be fairly far back and could be free to wack
away'
Thaknur says 'maxob lev50 180ob smiters with warsword would HURT'
Thaknur says 'then our leader could go for low str/high con high track high
defense'

Thaknur says 'and the leader and crushers could get bob'

Thaknur says 'let the smiters do the real heavy damage'


Gadmac narrates 'depression'

emote bitches 'yeah'

emote bitches 'sorry was a lil afk, but i read the text'

Thaknur says 'heres my stat ideas'

Thaknur says '15, 10, 11, 16, 17, 14, 15, 101 (Mume 7) Orc Leader'

Thaknur says '18, 12, 13, 14, 18, 11, 12, 101 (Mume 7) Orc Crusher'

Thaknur says '20,  8,  6, 14, 20, 13, 12, 96 (Mume 7) Orc Smiter'

Thaknur says 'all 2nd age'

emote bitches 'and also noone but the leader will spam hit?'

emote bitches 'maybe also smiter when the target bad'

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Thaknur says 'yeh'
emote bitches 'but the thing is..that if the smiter spams hit'

emote bitches 'the leader will insta reue'

emote bitches 'what AFTER ALL'


Arin narrates 'there is no more fun the game then playing bns'

emote bitches 'aint so bad!'


emote bitches 'because the smiter will have delay til next smit ANYWAY'


emote bitches 'will just save him from hps:)'


emote bitches 'when he in leather'

You giggle.
emote bitches 'not a bad idea!'

Thaknur says 'we would hit damn hard'

Thaknur says 'and be tough to fight'

You giggle.

Thaknur says 'and have decent moves with 3 bobbers'
emote bitches 'yeah..we just have to practice first on mobs'

emote bitches 'and we have to have a good organization'

emote bitches 'that in everyplace we are around arda'

say we know wher we gatther

Thaknur says 'the leader could pull off like 160def'

emote bitches 'not spaming narrates LETS meet tthere here etc'

emote bitches 'like do an alias for grptell'

Thaknur nods solemnly.
emote bitches 'what will tell people on grp the info of meeting and sooon'

Thaknur says 'what client you use?'
emote bitches 'that someone goes outing beforehand'

Thaknur says 'i can do zmud stuff good'
emote bitches 'eg. the crusher will fly forward outing'

emote bitches 'and the smiter and leader will be tracking'

emote bitches 'that way'

You smile viciously.

Thaknur says 'would we all use fine chain?'


emote bitches 'hmm..'

emote bitches 'well the buffer would use ringmail/finechain'

Thaknur nods solemnly.

Someone says: bah
emote bitches 'because when he buffs'

emote bitches 'he will get hit'

You giggle.

say we making BIG STRATEGY here

Thaknur says 'dropped the battleshaman idea ;)'

Thaknur says '1 buffer, 2 bobbing crushers, 2 ob smiters'

Smrtihlav says: i wanna be only battle shaman

Smrtihlav is resting here.

emote bitches 'me so happy:)'

Smrtihlav says: stop it!